loop count: 1
num connections: 0
num connections polled: 1
event type: acceptor
loop count: 2
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 3
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 4
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 5
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 6
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 7
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 8
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 9
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 10
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 11
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 12
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 13
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 14
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 15
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 16
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 17
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 18
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 19
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 20
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 21
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 22
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 23
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 24
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 25
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 26
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 27
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 28
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 29
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 30
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 31
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 32
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 33
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 34
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 35
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 36
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 37
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 38
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 39
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 40
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 41
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 42
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 43
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 44
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 45
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 46
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 47
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 48
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 49
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 50
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 51
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 52
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 53
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 54
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 55
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 56
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 57
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 58
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 59
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 60
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 61
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 62
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 63
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 64
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 65
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 66
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 67
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 68
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 69
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 70
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 71
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 72
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 73
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 74
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 75
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 76
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 77
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 78
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 79
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 80
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 81
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 82
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 83
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 84
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 85
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 86
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 87
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 88
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 89
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 90
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 91
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 92
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 93
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 94
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 95
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 96
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 97
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 98
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 99
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 100
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 101
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 102
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 103
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 104
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 105
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 106
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 107
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 108
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 109
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 110
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 111
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 112
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 113
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 114
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 115
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 116
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 117
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 118
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 119
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 120
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 121
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 122
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 123
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 124
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 125
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 126
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 127
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 128
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 129
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 130
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 131
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 132
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 133
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 134
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 135
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 136
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 137
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 138
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 139
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 140
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 141
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 142
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 143
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 144
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 145
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 146
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 147
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 148
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 149
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 150
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 151
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 152
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 153
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 154
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 155
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 156
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 157
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 158
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 159
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 160
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 161
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 162
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 163
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 164
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 165
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 166
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 167
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 168
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 169
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 170
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 171
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 172
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 173
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 174
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 175
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 176
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 177
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 178
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 179
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 180
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 181
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 182
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 183
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 184
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 185
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 186
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 187
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 188
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 189
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 190
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 191
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 192
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 193
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 194
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 195
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 196
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 197
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 198
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 199
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 200
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 201
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 202
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 203
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 204
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 205
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 206
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 207
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 208
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 209
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 210
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 211
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 212
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 213
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 214
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 215
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 216
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 217
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 218
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 219
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 220
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 221
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 222
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 223
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 224
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 225
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 226
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 227
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 228
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
event type: connection
loop count: 229
num connections: 0
num connections polled: 1
event type: acceptor
loop count: 230
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 231
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 232
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 233
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 234
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 235
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
event type: connection
loop count: 236
num connections: 0
num connections polled: 1
event type: acceptor
loop count: 237
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 238
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 239
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 240
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 241
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 242
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
event type: connection
loop count: 243
num connections: 0
num connections polled: 1
event type: acceptor
loop count: 244
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 245
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 246
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 247
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 248
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 0
loop count: 249
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 250
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
exception
closing connection
event type: connection
loop count: 251
num connections: 0
num connections polled: 1
event type: acceptor
loop count: 252
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 253
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 254
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 255
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 256
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 257
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 258
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 259
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 260
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 261
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 262
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 263
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 264
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 265
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 266
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 267
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 268
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 269
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 270
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 271
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 272
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 273
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 274
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 275
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 276
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 277
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 278
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 279
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 280
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 281
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 282
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 283
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 284
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 285
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 286
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 287
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 288
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 289
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 290
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 291
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 292
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 293
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 294
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 295
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 296
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 297
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 298
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 299
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 300
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 301
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 302
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 303
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 304
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 305
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 306
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 307
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 308
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 309
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 310
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 311
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 312
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 313
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 314
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 315
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 316
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 317
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 318
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 319
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 320
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 321
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 322
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 323
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 324
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 325
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 326
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 327
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 328
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 329
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 330
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 331
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 332
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 333
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 334
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 335
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 336
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 337
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 338
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 339
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 340
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 341
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 342
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 343
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 344
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 345
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 346
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 347
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 348
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 349
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 350
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 351
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 352
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 353
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 354
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 355
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 356
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 357
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 358
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 359
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 360
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 361
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 362
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 363
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 364
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 365
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 366
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 367
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 368
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 369
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 370
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 371
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 372
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 373
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 374
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 375
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 376
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 377
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 378
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 379
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 380
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 381
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 382
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 383
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 384
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 385
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 386
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 387
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 388
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 389
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 390
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 391
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 392
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 393
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 394
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 395
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 396
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 397
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 398
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 399
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 400
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 401
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 402
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 403
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 404
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 405
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 406
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 407
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 408
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 409
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 410
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 411
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 412
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 413
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 414
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 415
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 416
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 417
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 418
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 419
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 420
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 421
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 422
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 423
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 424
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 425
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 426
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 427
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 428
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 429
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 430
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 431
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 432
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 433
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 434
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 435
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 436
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 437
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 438
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 439
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 440
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 441
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 442
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 443
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 444
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 445
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 446
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 447
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 448
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 449
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 450
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 451
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 452
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 453
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 454
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 455
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 456
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 457
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 458
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 459
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 460
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 461
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 462
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 463
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 464
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 465
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 466
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 467
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 468
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 469
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 470
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 471
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 472
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 473
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 474
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 475
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 476
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 477
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 478
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 479
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 480
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 481
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 482
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 483
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
flush
event type: connection
loop count: 484
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 485
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
event type: connection
loop count: 486
num connections: 1
num connections polled: 1
read write
exception
closing connection
event type: connection
loop count: 487
num connections: 0
